<!DOCTYPE html> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-US"> 
<head> <script type="text/javascript"> 
console.log("task sakra");
window.onload = (function(){Calzone("p");console.log("Justified");});
</script> 

<title>Justiﬁcation example</title> 
<meta charset="UTF-8" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="TeX4ht (http://www.cse.ohio-state.edu/~gurari/TeX4ht/)" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="justify.css" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/scale.css" /> 
<script type="text/javascript" src="calzone/base/jquery.js"></script> 
<script type="text/javascript" src="calzone/h-and-j.js"></script><style type="text/css"> 
p.indent, p.noindent{text-align:justify;} p{margin-bottom:0;} </style> 
   </head><body 
>
   <div class="maketitle">
                                                                  

                                                                  
                                                                  

                                                                  

<h2 class="titleHead">Justiﬁcation example</h2>
<div class="author" ><span 
class="ecrm-1200">Michal Hoftich</span></div><br />
<div class="date" ><span 
class="ecrm-1200">June 18, 2015</span></div>
   </div>
<p class="indent">   This is a example of HTML ﬁle justiﬁcation using <span class="obeylines-h"><span class="verb"><span 
class="ectt-1000">tex4ht</span></span></span> and
<span class="obeylines-h"><span class="verb"><span 
class="ectt-1000">Calzone</span></span></span><a 
href="#fn1x0" epub:type="noteref" ><sup class="textsuperscript">1</sup></a><a 
 id="x1-2f1"></a>.
Text is copied from Wikipedia article about Prague
</p> 
<section epub:type="footnotes" class="footnotes"> 

   <aside 
  id="fn1x0" class="footnote" epub:type="footnote" ><p>   <sup class="textsuperscript">1</sup><a 
href="https://github.com/simoncozens/calzone" class="url" >https://github.com/simoncozens/calzone</a></p> 
 </aside>                              
</section> 
<p class="indent">
Prague () is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic. It is the
ﬁfteenth-largest city in the European Union. It is also the historical capital of
Bohemia. Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava River, the city is
home to about 1.24 million people, while its larger urban zone is estimated to have
a population of nearly 2 million. The city has a temperate climate, with
warm summers and chilly winters. The origin of the name Praha is rather
associated with the word prah (that means a &#x2019;threshold&#x2019;), which is a rapid on the
river. There is also the lowest unemployment rate in the entire European
Union.
</p> 
<p class="indent">   Prague has been a political, cultural, and economic centre of central Europe with
waxing and waning fortunes during its 1,100-year existence. Founded during the
Romanesque and ﬂourishing by the Gothic and Renaissance eras, Prague was not
only the capital of the Czech state, but also the seat of two Holy Roman Emperors
and thus also the capital of the Holy Roman Empire. It was an important city to
the Habsburg Monarchy and its Austro-Hungarian Empire and after World
War I became the capital of Czechoslovakia. The city played major roles in
the Protestant Reformation, the Thirty Years&#x2019; War, and in 20th-century
history, during both World Wars and the post-war Communist era.[citation
needed]
</p> 
<p class="indent">   Prague is home to a number of famous cultural attractions, many of which
survived the violence and destruction of 20th-century Europe. Main attractions
include the Prague Castle, the Charles Bridge, Old Town Square with the Prague
astronomical clock, the Jewish Quarter, Petřín hill and Vyšehrad. Since 1992, the
extensive historic centre of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World
Heritage Sites.
                                                                  

                                                                  
</p> 
<p class="indent">   The city boasts more than ten major museums, along with numerous
theatres, galleries, cinemas, and other historical exhibits. An extensive modern
public transportation system connects the city. Also, it is home to a wide
range of public and private schools, including Charles University (Univerzita
Karlova v Praze). Prague is classiﬁed as an &#x0022;Alpha-&#x0022; global city according
to GaWC studies, comparable to Vienna, Seoul and Washington, D.C. Its
rich history makes it a popular tourist destination, and the city receives
more than 4.4 million international visitors annually, as of 2011. Prague
ranked ﬁfth in the Tripadvisor world list of best destinations in 2014. Prague
is the ﬁfth most visited European city after London, Paris, Istanbul and
Rome.
   </p> 
      
</body> 
</html>
                                                                  


